docs(elastic-metal): commitment fee payback (#1094)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/elastic-metal/how-to/use-commitment-fee-payback.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to use the commitment fee payback

Reviewer: maybe "How to use the commitment fee payback feature" or "How to get a commitment fee payback credit" ?

Author: ```suggestion
  title: How to use the commitment fee payback feature
```

>   title: How to use the commitment fee payback feature

Author: ```suggestion
  title: How to get a commitment fee payback credit
```

  description: This page explains how to to use the commitment fee payback for Elastic Metal servers
content:
  h1: How to use the commitment fee payback

>   paragraph: This page explains how to use the commitment fee payback for Elastic Metal server servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page explains how to use the commitment fee payback for Elastic Metal servers
```

tags: elastic-metal payback commitment fee 
dates:
  validation: 2022-12-01
  posted: 2022-12-01
categories:
  - compute
---

> You pay a commitment fee when you order your Elastic Metal server with monthly billing. This fee covers the cost of the setup of your machine, and you profit from a lower monthly price. You are entitled to a commitment fee payback (credit) if your server is up and running for 12 consecutive months without termination.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you order your Elastic Metal server with monthly billing, you pay a commitment fee. This fee covers the cost of the setup of your machine, and allows you to benefit from a lower monthly price. You are entitled to a commitment fee payback (credit) if your server is up and running for 12 consecutive months without termination.
```

> You pay a commitment fee when you order your Elastic Metal server with monthly billing. This fee covers the cost of the setup of your machine, and you profit from a lower monthly price. You are entitled to a commitment fee payback (credit) if your server is up and running for 12 consecutive months without termination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You pay a commitment fee when you order your Elastic Metal server with monthly billing. This fee covers the cost of the setup of your machine, and you benefit from a lower monthly price. You are entitled to a commitment fee payback (credit) if your server is up and running for 12 consecutive months without termination.
```

> The amount of the credit is the price of the commitment fees at the time of purchase. It can be used for all Scaleway Cloud products (except Elastic Metal servers and their associated options) and is valid for six months. You receive the credit once per physical server, and it is automatically credited to your Scaleway customer account. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The amount of the credit is the price of the commitment fees at the time of purchase. It can be used for all Scaleway Cloud products (except Elastic Metal servers and their associated options) and is valid for six months. You receive the credit once per physical server, and it is automatically credited to your Scaleway account. 
```

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)  

>   - You have an Elastic Metal server up and running for 12 consecutive months

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - You have an Elastic Metal server that has been up and running for 12 consecutive months
```

>   - You have an Elastic Metal server up and running for 12 consecutive months

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have had an Elastic Metal server up and running for 12 consecutive months
```

</Message>

The following rules apply to the commitment fee payback: 

* You are entitled to the commitment fee payback:

>    * Once you have kept your Elastic Metal server for 12 consecutive rolling months without stopping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Once you have kept your Elastic Metal server running for 12 consecutive months without stopping
```

   * Once per physical server in your account

* The commitment fee payback:
   * Corresponds to the sum of the commitment fee paid when the server was ordered (excl. taxes)
   * Is usable for all cloud resources except Elastic Metal servers and their related options
   * Is valid for six months
   * Is splittable over several months

<Message type="tip">
  The credit is available for six months and can be consumed pro rata per month or all at once. For example, if you received 49€ of credit and consumed 15€ of cloud resources during the first month, we will roll over the remaining 34€ in the next month.
</Message>

<Message type="important">

>   The commitment fee payback is a cloud credit that can be used to consume Scaleway Cloud services (except Elastic Metal servers and their associated options). It is not possible to get a cash refund of the commitment fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The commitment fee payback is a cloud credit that can be used for Scaleway Cloud services (except Elastic Metal servers and their associated options). It is not possible to get a cash refund of the commitment fees.
```

>   The commitment fee payback is a cloud credit that can be used to consume Scaleway Cloud services (except Elastic Metal servers and their associated options). It is not possible to get a cash refund of the commitment fees.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The commitment fee payback is a cloud credit that can be used to consume Scaleway Cloud resources (except Elastic Metal servers and their associated options). It is not possible to get a cash refund of the commitment fees.
```

</Message>

<Navigation title="See Also">

>   <PreviousButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/reinstall-server/">How to reinstall a server</PreviousButton>

Author: ```suggestion
  <PreviousButton to="/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/shutdown-server/">How to shutdown a server</PreviousButton>
```
